[Music] M ofus children Prince of willing cup
full of violet vagina juice super pimp Jesus with a hot purple hot purple hit
you with the truth like Davey Chappelle lift him up the boots and take him to
Hell Crown pandemic Co hard cell phia
needle craft magic gel I am a powerful dreamer on you I Put a
Spell dope weight on the triple beam purple cup press down full and
overflowing well greeny Green Jelly Bean dance with The Muse come with me point a
pended ring Elemental pce they love the kaching aing purple paint face down with the
yellow brick road Charlamagne sugar Ringling this dream isn't mine it's yours and I'm
honored to be in it rock on hail state with a cup full of violet vagina juice
you know what to do thank you teddy Bas for singing Us in
I love this tonight we're gonna go somewhere just you and me and I am going
to love every minute of this every minute of this I have some really really
tasty stuff for you tonight it's delicious I want to tell you that I was
just interviewed today um by classical
wisdoms Anya and oh god what the
discoveries that we'll make so tune in when you get a
chance tonight I want to be a little more intimate just between US just between us and about halfway through I
want to hit you then with a couple of comments that you know I just have to
address just a couple of things I have to address don't worry don't worry it'll be lovely it'll be lovely let's get
started tonight we're gon to make our way into the purple I've got to show you
some of those who were using and making and distributing the burning
purple I've got to show you tonight where would I start such a journey you
know we're looking for we're looking for pirates we're looking for pirates and
tonight we're going to find Pirates burning purple and what was that
what was that will'll even find
achilles fantastic we're going in deep deep we're going in deep are you ready
for this I'm going to give you some of the Gory details and I I want you to be
um I want you to be satisfied because you came here to be satisfied you didn't
want look what's he doing chewy what is he doing I'm just distracting you because the ship is finally there I want
to pull you out of that ship tonight and I'm gonna push you into Hyman Hyman
what' you say I thought we were talking about pirates pirates we are yes and Drug
using pirates from Antiquity yes yes we are but we have to go to the
Hyman who is the child who's that blessed child Hyman who's that blessed
child Hyman chewy did we get did we get any pickups of Hyman here we go what is
Hyman doing he's a great guy you would love them you loved him absolutely loved
him how would you know about him you'd know about him leave him up there because you'd know about Hyman from the
wedding songs the wedding songs what are these Greeks doing they're chanting
Hyman he's a buddy who's his buddy AOS Aeros and you know we all know it
doesn't go beyond AOS you can even get to the devil and plow right through him
because he is subject to Aeros yeah Power that's real power
that's what makes everything fantastic if you're G to get
into the disguise and be there with the purple you're gonna have to you know
pick up some things you know you are you on your throne are you sitting on the
throne please congregation have a seat fantastic
before we get to the purification I want to let you know Hyman was a good guy and
he saw he's an Arcadian and he saw these girls getting kidnapped he saw these
girls getting kidna by Pirates and what
are they going to do with them you're going to see in a minute they sell Souls ancient Pirates sell
Souls who do they sell them to those who have their
attention yeah yep okay let's dive in to
himman tonight and see who he was by the
way it's a great ending because Hyman is
able to bring us right into the heart of
what piracy was all about right into the heart of it even so much so that we're
going to look at Jesus yelling in a public park at 4:00 a.m. with a naked boy screaming I am not a
pirate we're gonna get back to that zone we're only going to hit that peripheral
I want you to see hman who rescues these girls rescues them what does he do he
dresses up as a girl and see the thing about H was bring him back up here he
would so goodlooking he was so goodlooking um you
know boy girl who cares man beauty is
Beauty and everybody said Hyman had Beauty oh goodness the songs that we
sing at marriages the songs where do they come from they come
from this you know who sang this song first orus did at media's
wedding fantastic where' you think all that purple was coming from where' you
think they were taking it and using it from from culus love it love it she was
Queen of Babylon too right love it okay I'm sorry I get all worked up when
mention Meda um I want to show you something I want to go to down go to
down slides here boom boom go to this one bow I want to show you somebody new
we're going to open up tonight are you ready this is never seen before never
seen before at least about 800 years about 800 years because the
nerd from banum right constan
whatever this nerd who's a Byzantine nerd is reading all of this classical
literature what's your name again ustus ustus you know he's I'm leaving
him alone I'm not you know I'm not being rough with him um he's kind of giving it up here because he loves classical
sources and he has a whole bunch that you and I no longer have you mean he's got quotes from some
of the greatest minds of antiquity yes we don't have those quotes anymore
because why don't we have those quotes for example aist starus talks about the
Stars being just like our sun but further away and we actually go
around the Sun and woo around an axis
you want to see the angles fantastic thank you um ustus
preserves this why didn't he survive because the anything thing that doesn't
fit with the Christian Perspective which is a Biblical
perspective anything that doesn't fit with that gets
burned right we don't just leave it around to mold we burn
it fantastic what a great influence what a great influence do you
know why we are 1,800 years
behind oh my God just wait until they find out the temporal commission you
know what I mean you got to get rid of that you've got to get rid of that it's inserting its own DNA and
yours what am I talking about it's viral baby it's the viral logos and it burns
your system up what do you do about it you got to purge it you got to purge your system yeah you got to purge
it let's get to The Purge shall we we're going to bring back Drama by the way by
the way I'm reaching out reaching out we got to bring back that stage the mum
we're the ones who are responsible we got to bring that back um who's the T so
who's the title yo we'll come there just a second I want to bring up that same
chewy Ryan okay AA right
ladies who is who is this everybody recognizes in ancient Greek you all
recognize Athena right I prefer the dropping of those vowels I prefer the M
Dorian um any who um a lus what is the latest it's a title of
Athena well tell me what is what is Athena's title Athena yes you can see it
the pirate tonight I'm going to introduce you to
Athena the pirate let's look at her let's get ready
is she going to be involved in the purples yeah is she G to be involved
with priestesses yeah is she gonna have sons of
God from Virgin mothers by the power of the serpent you
bet it you bet it why wouldn't you give this to her why wouldn't you give it to
Eve oh God go hit me with the next hit uh um let's yeah hit me with the next
one I want to I want no take him out out of the room
you're not up next you are there you go oh what are we talking talking about
Pirates see the Greek word patas isn't that nice right this is all
youus is telling us he's saying look what what are these um Leos what are
they they're what we're calling the patas right you can see this is late
Byzantine Greek for all of those of you who are studying Greek remember our range is long we got that old stuff with
Homer we got the new stuff in Byzantium right so we got to be able to we got to
be able to do this let's go to the next one give me the next one nope not again boom boom who else can we drag up I want
to drag up Achilles did you know that Achilles dressed up like a woman not
really a woman dressed up like a priestess girl yeah he did why did he do that
don't worry about why he did that let's see kill bring out Achilles did you bring Achilles tonight Chey go ahead fire up
Achilles so what ustus is telling what you stay where is he doing his official
business I want him up here doing his Priestess thing because he's being raised with priestesses everybody knows
everybody knows and achilles makes a beautiful Priestess yeah he makes a beautiful
Priestess she is so pretty the Day deia falls in love with him what who is that
who is that that's media it's another name of the Min named queen of Babylon
yeah de Dean what what does that mean you know what that means oh you're gonna
love this are you ready get ready for this this is the girl who brings
Slaughter this is the killer oh oh oh
deia and she happens to be one of the priestesses who is shielding
Achilles as a Preen and teen oh okay what
happens what do you think happens they fall in
love right they succumb to the Flames of
AOS and media
yeah and achilles end up creating a union that
breaks all of time it breaks all of time what can come after it is only its wake
it shatters everything do you know who is in the Elysian
Fields as the Bride of a Kill IES it's media do you
know who it was that stood on the walls of Troy wait what stood on the walls of
Troy shh stood on the walls of Troy and
looked at Achilles and he looked up at her on the walls and he said that's you
it's you whose image has been in my mind you have projected it to me wait what's
her name Helen Helen wait who I thought Helen was
Helen was media oh now you get some of your bachio
I told you I told you oh god let's go back let's go back to the text oh my god
let's just keep feeding it this is okay right it's gonna right we're going to get some deep here yep go ahead next one
here blow that up chewy I'm going to put my old glasses on look people talking
about Achilles look at them tell us tell us the
seus neither Achilles nor any of the other Heroes
ever says anything about being a
pirate
but Achilles his own f family line do you
know what the name means Pirates yeah and he points it out he
says but he is a pirate and
Odus no every class is just sphin or just you could hear the
chair go squeak why because adicus my God you
might as well say he was a drug elting freak he was he was a pirate don't you
know how itha is set up you stus thank you for telling us this as a matter of
fact you stus give us the next one what else what
else that was uus by the way isn't he smug he's the one who comes and gets a killes pulls him out of the priest Hood
oh God and yeah yeah um bring us up the next one please boom and boom this is
the passage that we're all concerned about that hisus is telling us about
okay it's from Homer and what does it say it says you know now's a good time to question these people and figure out
who they are since you know they ate their meal and they're good and he says oh strangers tell us who you are where'
you come from sailing over the sea and you know what kind of thing do you do you got have business or do you just
roam marauding like those pirates you know what they
do they traffic in Souls look at that bottom line they traffic in Souls it's
such an terrible thing they bring to their neighbors oh God you mean are we back to
those pirates again yeah we're back to those pirates what are those pirates doing remember Jesus in the garden I'm
not a pirate what are they doing they're trafficking they're trafficking in
people tell us Aus give us a little more information you remember Jesus when he's
saying I stand at the gate and here I am and my sheep my sheepies hear me I don't
have to be a robber or a lace yeah you mean there's a difference
yeah because the L is trafficking and souls
yeah what do you think Jesus is doing yeah he's got 12 of his boys so
when you when you infiltrate this cult don't be surprised if you see
Hyman fortunately for us Hyman is there to kill us yeah to kill us all kill us
all only only this kid would be able to do that oh god let's keep going let's
keep going you'd leave the picture up there I want it yeah oh wait a minute how old is this kid right yeah exactly
let's go boom next one yep we got it I wanted to show you
this look he says here this is miraculous text here seriously people blow that up to this is miraculous text
look at it oh my God they're trafficking in souls and what does it mean hus tell
us what that trafficking and souls means right he says they're doing it to
collect those individuals for those who are in the
love market right you remember when odys went away whole bunch of pirate Knuckleheads
try to take penelopy why would they be so curiously interested you know what Athena told
Penelope to do Athena told Penelope to have sex with every one of them which
she did who was that
Offspring oh my goodness oh my goodness Hyman rescues the his beloved he does he
kills the Pirates oh God love it let us purify
let us purify here's what I want to do are you ready for this we're going to go through a little programming with Chewy
here and I want to set your mind this is actual text translated by me from Ides
roll it
chewy
[Music]
and with that we're in that Bronze Age um we're coming up to pan and we want to
see I want you to see pan and I want you to see Achilles in all of his glory I
want you to see Achilles so serving through that Spirit can we have Achilles
oh God isn't he beautiful isn't he beautiful um let us keep going with the
text and bring out let's go to the next one chewy and hit it we got a couple
more SAR systems yeah good here we come coming in here we go right there
beautiful this is a this is the text that you just saw translated I just wanted you to see it uh written up there
in all its Glory hit the next one chewy and I want you to realize this is
written by the son of the root cutter and I just want you to see a couple
couple things look at that second line false fair you know who brings the light
you know who brings light did you notice the light Bringers were in there did you notice sabba was in there yeah and oh
who men I want Lord Hyman Lord
Hyman what a fortunate marriage you make and your argive princely bed Hyman wox
Hyman give me the next one oh God can you can you see it building up remember
there are people who are getting married there are people who are getting
married we're we give the
Pirates um what they deserve and from them we take the
booty that's who we are we follow aan
lus do you understand we protect the
Virgin right what are you savage what do you think all of our thoughts of the
polus came from did you think you knew the Virgin and now you do
good let's go to it let's that's in yeah here oh God what does she want oh here
we go this is Glory this is Glory what is she bringing in she's catching on
fire man that's the false puros that thing is a blaze and she is catching
stuff on fire and she's giving that light oh Hyman oh
hecky she is giving that what what is she really doing she's what is Cassandra
doing giving us here these proclamations coming from her sweet lips her sweet
oracular um liic
lips what is she giving us she's giving us that purity
the purity of that bed huh interesting the Purity do you
understand the Democracy came from a cult that protected the purity of the
virgin mother wait a minute I'm getting confused shut up
Jesus where's your whip when you need it let's go to the next one oh you know what I should insert hear the comment
that I was going to talk about earlier um somebody wrote in a comment and said
um hey uh you're a degenerate homosexual and I just want you to know
that your interest in my sexuality is irrelevant to this
initiation but it is duly noted by everyone here that you indeed have an
interest and it's okay my mojo Works in all forms all forms you
don't have to you don't have to apologize it's not your fault if you
were overcome ah let's go on with the next quote Oh My
Goodness look at this oh and for those of you who talked about drugs and
whatnot shame on you you shame on you yeah um you know clean up you know
what's wrong I'm and I don't look I'm not a martial arts expert I don't know
what kind of vibe I gave off that people think I'm a martial arts expert but I swear somebody's gonna walk up to me
someday and test that right and they're going to end up putting me on a concrete
because look you know that's not my style I appreciate it good for you I appreciate it um no let's go to much
more nerdy Pursuits what is this oh my god look Feebas bring Feebas bring that
ethereal chorus bring that hos that pure chorus did I tell you that we were going
to the theater and that theater is a place where they bring in the purification here it is people loud and
clear from ureides yeah what am I doing what she's the Priestess and she's there with her
baile leaves right her Laurel and she's there doing her job with the th what yes
doing her job with the thumi she is using those incenses she is fumigating
so that she can be in that oracular state why look what she yells out
Hyman hman three times Hyman and then
she tells her mother to dance dance bring the Joy
right what does she want what does she want she wants that
shout from Hyman she wants that shout in that sacred song that
recognition that understanding of beauty she wants that this is
Elysium this is the real reason that every mystery religion in the world
including Christianity is based upon and centered around a
union a union what do you think all the drugs and sex and cult were
for it's a reflection right through that black hole
didn't you notice we've been passing through a black hole it's the only way you can get these ghosts to do anything
let's go let's go you st atheist you still there I'm gonna spare the whip
tonight on you atheist let's go next one boom and uh who else do we want to come
we want Feebas to come right we want Feebas Apollo to come I just want to point that out chewy can you bring up do
we have Feebas I think did we bring Feebas along oh my God apologies to the
leader of the muses oh my God OD um but that's where you know that's what you
expect to get with Bonas you know what I mean oh there we go that's what you expect to get from a Bak one third time
polar switch love it oh God did you know the math that they do is
practically um you know well it's Way Beyond let's keep going let's keep going
we got a couple more I want to provide you with a couple of quotes here look um
oh yeah what a people say about Jesus you can't the kind you can't leave
Jesus alone no right now that he's in our custody because we all know he's a
lace um he's gonna get it constantly here Jesus have a little more I'll get the whip for Jesus this is a segment
whip for Jesus tell me Jesus what's he gonna tell me
Dion tell me Jesus oh your flesh gets so pink and
Rosy when I smack it stop you like that too much don't you
tell me something what did people say about you they said what you said you were a
demoniac and that you look at that last word minti all of my students
recognize what is he doing he is Mantic he is entering that ecstasy Jesus
wasn't Prophet because he was smart about current events and history no he
was romantic because he was out of his mind and the only way he got there was
with drugs through this cult through these
Pirates performing this mystery and that's why he said I am not one of
them fantastic they crucified him with two
others they caught two right had him thereo right Pirates okay what do you
think Athena did to clean up everything right I mean come on you know how we get there it's the technology of the Venoms
technology of the Venoms oh God these are wonderful these are curatives you
know what I mean I mean like crazy body changing curatives
oh how do you think Achilles got to where he got yeah let's go to the next one I
think I just heard Snappy fall off his chair okay are you ready are you ready
the one whom Jesus loved right hey this is in the present the one who Jesus
loves is a right is sick Bro what is Jesus's relationship with some of these people
that he's involved with he f let them and for those of you what is that oh CS
Lewis yeah it's CS Lewis come here CS Lewis oh I gagged him I gagged him CS
Lewis would be able to tell you hey guess what this is the kind of love that
you know existed between Achilles and Petras yeah oo
now stop we're in a camp you know they're Pirates we have to be able to
see this to be able to bring back the polus right and bring back the
aan love it here how I dropped to dor from that Athenian a to an a love it oh
god let's go to the next one let's go to the next one I got a little bit more information for everybody is this the
last and Jesus no no okay I just wanted you to see look at the word
leace it's sitting there right in the you know right on the second line he's
saying what you come out here for with all your big weapons your midon and
youron right what are they you know um swords and H warhammers for lack of a
better term oh God cuz you're a pirate we don't we don't do this half you know
half whatever baked it has to be real man what you look come some s of kind of
La days okay go to the next one what about these La dayss I have one more oh
look okay now hus goes on to talk a little bit this isn't hus this is Doris
but hus goes on I want you to hear this he goes on to talk about the
Greeks themselves from the earliest time those who were
pooi right these are the people being influenced most heavily by the
pans um he says these people these Greeks these ethnic Greeks what we can
comfortably call Greeks because of their language he said these people they start
out and their entire Society idos it does what it rises from what Lea
piracy you mean that the earliest history those Bronze Age
Greeks those people were pirates trafficking in
people did honitus tell you didn't he tell you it all starts with the
Abduction of media oh and then
there's everyone else Europa right IO people getting taken
from places being traded by those who use the
purple yeah do you know what Achilles does as a
pirate he takes booty he takes Booty his daddy's name is
Booty taker yeah and he goes into a place and
he takes who does he take who is the booty that Achilles is interested in
taking turns out it's Priestess Priestess of
Apollo Priestess of the leader of the Muse the
mustis he got a special name right the mustis how do you get to
him within this cult you got to go through she who is
the pirate a yeah right that pirate Queen the
Virgin right she's a virgin mother and from her will
come the one who is half serpent half mortal oh God oh God and
what will that give us democracy that's your history that is your history and Jesus
Christ is caught up right in the middle and he is screaming because he
doesn't want to end up on that Roman cross with other
Pirates yeah call Johnny Depp this is
different yeah yeah these are the people that
built our Civilization now my question to you is which side do you want to be on do you
want to purify the polus yeah then you're going to have to go with
Athena and she will get you there through the purifications that
bakus who is that power of the Mania that all power that
pan yeah he can bring it oh do you see him dressed as a
priestess that Achilles that has the reputation of being the fiercest of the
fighters you know who he was taught how to fight by he was taught by a group of
priestesses one of which was a woman who mastered the use of drugs that control
aging welcome back to Lady Babylon thank you for coming tonight for anyone who
was going to get mention that didn't I'm sorry I'm sorry I want all of the things
that are being produced I want to bring you these videos and I'm going to do it
over time but I want our contributions to be a permanent and
continuous aspect of what's going on here so watch the goat
video thank you for coming tonight I appreciate it classical wisdom will have
a little bit there maybe some new things so people won't be like you bring up new
things yes um always fresh always fresh because we're not there yet we got to
get deep um and watch the things arise
watch them come about yeah awesome thank you for coming tonight I know that it
was tantalizing to walk among ancient Pirates we got to see some of the
sexiness of actual history and you got to find out that you have inherited a
world if you have had the benefit for any period of time of
democracy if you have had that benefit at all you owe it to Athena the pirate
she's the one who establishes Justice thank you for coming tonight hail
Satan right now With The Stars in the
Sky faraid Meda twinkle in your
eye the snake V make some zombie
like